[Music]
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you're enjoying the
day what a late what a late today on sálvame
how is terelu getting or rather how is
terelu getting she shrunk it now a
little well hold on to the downpour we
have to put in here the pee so
that it's not always so that she doesn't take part
in the cause she wasn't going to have to hold on
a little bit of the downpour besides on
top of that we're going to pay her pee so that
pee can pay you to finish paying
you once and for all that I
think now also the question is
fashion week is coming up on
sálvame as many of you know this
week
in which sálvame collaborators
become models and they parade
there and all those little things and they have
anamaría as the gift as we announced in
other previous videos today she was already on the
set of tailor let's call her tailor
designer there she was taking measurements no
the question is that Rocío Carrasco has
come in
called because  Rocio Carrasco is
following all the steps to do two
o Carrasco supporting her in everything she does she
takes the subway Rocio Carrasco is
there Salvame to pass the ticket
through the turnstile what to take or Socarrás who is going
to the movies they buy the tickets ahead of
time so that Oxide has a good
seat all these little things from
Rocio Carrasco and Sevilla is here
with this concert that she gave in
tribute to her mother she
came in to stern greeted to
tell how it was and also there with the guy with
the hair with Santonio and she said
Jorge hey he's here and Anamaria
taking measurements because she's the one who's going to make the
dresses for us you're coming over and she
said Rosa damn yes she's going to come
around now Rocio Carrasco is going to be a
model so that you all find out and
okay Rocio Carrasco is going to be a model at
Salvame Fashion Week shooting I mean
I'm sure she's going to get a lot of
attention well be it call him come and don't  that's
okay there's nothing wrong with it in the end
everyone does what they want their
show and it's logical not about Rocio
Carrasco base the star guest let's
say no the question is that
Ana Maria el Dow base the one who tells her in
the suit that Rocio Carrasco is going to wear
as a model remembering her youth not
her steps as a model that she already took from her
youth and they have exchanged a few
polite words no a kiss Anamaria a
kiss back wish you well come on
a hug see you later be very polite not
to what extent Mar and Aldo may have been
bothered or not bothered by the fact
that Rocio Carrasco said what she
says about her current husband José
Ortega Cano because here it seems that he doesn't care
a bit because if he has
already had to save me accept to work with the
television factory and now he doesn't care he
's having a little fun with Carrasco well
what I see here is that he doesn't care a bit I do
n't know what to say family
what we do know is that he jumps or he
comes for a while and we  We will
be here to discuss it, a
family kiss, see you in the next video
[Music]